- delay loading image/saving anything until data is available
- check for update more than once after startup
- make sure new app is actually running and recieving updates in production
- development build is updating, production build is not
- status bar is covered on production app?

Releases:

Improvements:
- load next comic at the same time to cut down load times
- cut down on lag when changing comic pages
- add notifications/animations/whatever to let user know if app is updating
- add toasts to inform users of things
- use notifications as well as toasts
- redo page turn to be like MangaPlus, i.e. dragging the page pulls the next page into view
- improve list ui
- improve bookmarks ui
- optimize animations and transitions for speed


- remove redundancy from page/volumeList?
- prevent double-tap-to-zoom under pageTurn(?)
- seperate tap and swipe page turn?
- clear chache after update? to make sure new versions are displayed? Probably not necessary on a regular basis

Done:
x Make update loop stop even if it returns undefined
x replace scrollview with flatlist in listscreen
x redo storage structure: add key for dates, key for bookmarks
x Image behaviour: 
x - on release pinch, stay at current zoom level. 
x - on double-tap, if image is at normal size, go to maximum zoom centered on tap point
x - on double-tap, if image is zoomed, zoom out to full size
x Save dates as a file kept in the repository, so it doesn't have to fetch from the beginning
x add current date to stored values
x in dev mode, on app restart, it returns to the comic before the last one viewed
x fix app crashing on add bookmark
x Final comic doesn't have 'topnext' link
x fix non-serializeable values error, i.e. nav passing as prop
x add drawer menu button to title bar, display over screen (not sure how)
x Comic list: 
x - List comics in a collapsing tree/table
x - (act) > volume > page/date  
x - have page titles displayed next to the page/date
x make whole list screen scrollable
x in list add 'page %' in addition to the date
x use Pressable component to allow pressing side of screen to change page
x prevent scrolling when image is zoomed out
x on restart, date is first set to 20021104, before date is loaded from memory, but date in comicnav is already set
x Swipe or tap on side of screen to move forward or back
x Volume 9 is rolled into volume 10, need to check them all
x make panswipe indicator an arrow centered in the screen
X List screen not scrolling
x allow for closing VolumeLists, perhaps by double-tapping
x removing bookmark from bookmarks page doesn't reset star button on home page (?)
x add bookmark button to header?
X have star button fade after a period of inactivity
x replace DateContext with ComicContext
x show star button *only* on homescreen
X show scene title on homescreen?
x add vol# & page# to header
x impove styles of header
x!! _ - try making dev build that wipes bookmarks on startup, see if that stops the crashing
x add tests for async storage (https://dev.to/tiaeastwood/how-to-mock-and-test-asyncstorage-in-react-native-4kil)

x Date & Page exceptions:
x - 20030106>20030106b (20030106 points to the wrong comic)
x - 20141226a-20141226b (a is the comic, b is a wallpaper)

x remove unused files from "assets" folder
x check for updated lists on startup, fetch new lists if found
x add new icons in place of what was in "assets/"
x add 'Go to First/Last' buttons to menu(?)
x rename "list" to "index"
x check comic updated correctly
x add acknowledgments, privacy policy pages
x Make new build with "latest" link
x figure out how to track load state of zoom image
x Add loading animation to all screen transitions 
x add pull to refresh, which should check for updates, and refresh the page
x swipe to turn should only activate when the edge of the comic is reached
x Enervated Echidna
x - added loading spinner to comic page
x - cleaned up code
x Rss:
x on startup check rss feed for new dates
x if any are found add to date list
x then fetch title/volume data and update volume/page lists
x make *sure* list files exist before accessing them
x Frumious Fennic:
x - Replace calls to dataCollector with accessing GG's RSS feed
x - Regression: First page flashes before current page is loaded
x currently saving page/volume data both in asyncstorage and filesystem, reduce redundancy


Thanks to: 
- https://github.com/likashefqet